2.00: BootLoaders.
===================
  This program must be downloaded into the RAM of the microcontroller before any
operations on the latter. For microcontrollers with 256 bytes
of RAM, the program is launched as soon as the 256th byte is received.
For those with more memory space, the launch is performed if
reception ceases. Therefore, it is possible to load a more BootLoader
important and more complete (Ex: 68HC11F1, 68HC11E1 ...).
  The BootLoader A8NS3E is compatible with all types of microcontrollers, but
only allows programming of the CONFIG register, and of the EEPROM.
The A8NS3P BootLoader is used to program the EPROM of 711E9 microcontrollers,
and 711L6, but does not provide access to the EEPROM routines.
  The new version of BootLoader A8NS3x eliminates the problem of waiting for
end of programming of a byte. Indeed, as soon as the byte is written, the
program returns the value (Acknowledge).
  Communication speed has been increased. Loading is carried out
still at 1200 Bauds, but then the program communicates at 9600 Bauds.
To program 512 bytes of EEPROM, it takes about 7 seconds.
To program $ 3000 bytes of EPROM, it takes about 1 minute and 20 seconds.

2.01: Basic BootLoader command (A8NS3E).
------------------------------------------------
There are 4 of them.

  <L>: Reading of the CONFIG register and of the EEPROM. At first,
the CONFIG register of the microcontroller is sent, followed by the x bytes that
includes the EEPROM. Lastly, the status is sent, followed by a return
cart ($ 0D). The status can have three values:

                 <: No programming performed before reading.
                 F: Programming fault before reading.
                 >: Programming successful before reading.

  If the operator receives '<' when reading the EEPROM, this indicates
that he has not programmed the uC before reading it, and that the contents of the EEPROM
can correspond to a previous programming.
  If the operator receives 'F' when reading the EEPROM, this tells him
that there was a problem while programming the uC.
  If the operator receives '>' when reading the EEPROM, this confirms
the good progress of the programming of the uC.

  <R>: Checksum request for the contents of the EEPROM. This command makes
calculate at uC the Modulo 16 Checksum of its data written in EEPROM, and it
request to send them, followed by the status and a carriage return ($ 0D).
It is thus possible to quickly verify the content of the EEPROM.

  <S>: Checksum request for the BootLoader program. This command is
used when loading the BootLoader, and allows you to check that the latter
has been downloaded successfully. You can thus check the signature of the
BootLoader present in RAM. Also followed by status and ($ 0D).
The signature of this BootLoader is: $ 4D47.

  <P>: Programming of the uC EEPROM. When ordering, the uC
completely erases the EEPROM, and waits for the values ​​to be written to EEPROM.
If the EEPROM contains 512 bytes, the 512 bytes must be sent to the CPU,
even if the program in question does not do them ($ FF). If an error of
programming occurs, the loop is interrupted, and the status 'F' followed by
($ 0D) is sent to the PC. You should know that the value of the configuration register
is transmitted to the uC with the BootLoader program. So if you want
change the value of the CONFIG register, you must reload the BootLoader by
taking care to modify the original value of this register on demand.

IMPORTANT: If you modify the EEPROM presence indicator, it is
desirable to reload the BootLoader corresponding to the new configuration.
Likewise, the value of the CONFIG register being latched to the Reset of the uC, it
You must therefore reload the BootLoader to confirm the modification.


2.02: Basic BootLoader command (A8NS3P).
------------------------------------------------
There are 4 of them.

  <L>: Reading of the CONFIG register and of the EPROM. At first,
the CONFIG register of the microcontroller is sent, followed by the x bytes that
includes EPROM. Last the status is sent, followed by a return
cart ($ 0D). The status can have three values:

                 <: No programming performed before reading.
                 F: Programming fault before reading.
                 >: Programming successful before reading.

  If the operator receives '<' when reading the EPROM, this indicates
that he has not programmed the uC before reading it, and that the contents of the EPROM
can correspond to a previous programming.
  If the operator receives 'F' when reading the EPROM, this tells him
that there was a problem while programming the uC.
  If the operator receives '>' when reading the EPROM, this confirms to him
the good progress of the programming of the uC.

  <R>: Checksum request for the contents of the EPROM. This command makes
calculate at uC the Modulo 16 Checksum of its data written in EPROM, and it
request to send them, followed by the status and a carriage return ($ 0D).
We can thus quickly check the contents of the EPROM.

  <S>: Checksum request for the BootLoader program. This command is
used when loading the BootLoaderé and allows you to check that the latter
has been successfully downloaded. You can thus verify the signature of the
BootLoader present in RAM. Also followed by status and ($ 0D).
The signature of this BootLoader is: $ 4B84.

  <P>: Programming of the uC EPROM. During this command, the uC waits
the values ​​to write in EPROM. If the EPROM contains $ 3000 bytes, you will need
send the $ 3000 bytes to the uC, even if the program in question does not
not ($ FF). If a programming error occurs, the loop is interrupted,
and the status 'F' followed by ($ 0D) is sent to the PC. It is not possible to
program the CONFIG register in this case. You will therefore have to modify this
last when programming the EEPROM, with the BootLoader A8NS3E.

  The programming time in EPROM of one byte is 2 to 4 ms. The constant
TIMPRO is currently 3ms (600). Readjust if necessary.
  Please do not omit the 100 ohm resistance between VPP voltage, and
the XIRQ pin of the uC. The VPP voltage is between 11.75 and 12.75 V.

IMPORTANT:
  Avoid the presence of VPP on a CPU which does not have an EPROM !!!!